Huh? Uh Doc, uh no. No, don't be silly. Something wrong with the starter, so I hid it. Why not? You extol me with a lot of confidence, Doc.

Working. He's absolutely right, Marty. the last thing you need is headaches. he's an idiot, comes from upbringing, parents were probably idiots too. Lorraine, if you ever have a kid like that, I'll disown you. You want it, you know you want it, and you know you want me to give it to you. Your not gonna be picking a fight, Dad, dad dad daddy-o. You're coming to a rescue, right? Okay, let's go over the plan again. 8:55, where are you gonna be.

Check out that four by four. That is hot. Someday, Jennifer, someday. Wouldn't it be great to take that truck up to the lake. Throw a couple of sleeping bags in the back. Lie out under the stars. He's your brother, Mom. Look, you gotta listen to me. Right. Yeah.

Kids, we're gonna have to eat this cake by ourselves, Uncle Joey didn't make parole again. I think it would be nice, if you all dropped him a line. Oh, uh, hey you, get your damn hands off her. Do you really think I oughta swear? Thank you. In about thirty years. This Saturday night, mostly clear, with some scattered clouds. Lows in the upper forties. I'm writing this down, this is good stuff.

Huh? Did you hurt your head? Good morning, Mom. Oh, Marty, I almost forgot, Jennifer Parker called. Excuse me. Huh?

Oh, oh a rematch, why, were you cheating? The way I see it, if you're gonna build a time machine into a car why not do it with some style. Besides, the stainless, steel construction made the flux dispersal- look out. I know what you're gonna say, son, and you're right, you're right, But Biff just happens to be my supervisor, and I'm afraid I'm not very good at confrontations. That was the day I invented time travel. I remember it vividly. I was standing on the edge of my toilet hanging a clock, the porces was wet, I slipped, hit my head on the edge of the sink. And when I came to I had a revelation, a picture, a picture in my head, a picture of this. This is what makes time travel possible. The flux capacitor. Unroll their fire.

The flux capacitor. George. Are you gonna order something, kid? Yeah, but you're uh, you're so, you're so thin. Well, bring her along. This concerns her too.

Are you gonna order something, kid? I'm sure that in 1985, plutonium is available at every corner drug store, but in 1955, it's a little hard to come by. Marty, I'm sorry, but I'm afraid you're stuck here. Marty, you're beginning to sound just like my mother. Lorraine, have you ever, uh, been in a situation where you know you had to act a certain way but when you got there, you didn't know if you could go through with it? Watch this. Not me, the car, the car. My calculations are correct, when this baby hits eighty-eight miles per hour, your gonna see some serious shit. Watch this, watch this. Ha, what did I tell you, eighty-eight miles per hour. The temporal displacement occurred at exactly 1:20 a.m. and zero seconds.

So you're my Uncle Joey. Better get used to these bars, kid. You're George McFly. No, Doc. Uh no, not hard at all. So anyway, George, now Lorraine, she really likes you. She told me to tell you that she wants you to ask her to the Enchantment Under The Sea Dance. Look, George, I'm telling you George, if you do not ask Lorraine to that dance, I'm gonna regret it for the rest of my life.

Alright, I'm ready. Lorraine. Yeah, but I never picked a fight in my entire life. you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin. I can't believe you loaned me a car, without telling me it had a blindspot. I could've been killed.

What you got under here? Oh. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88. What kind of date? I don't know, what do kids do in the fifties? Just turn around, McFly, and walk away. Are you deaf, McFly? Close the door and beat it.

There's that word again, heavy. Why are things so heavy in the future. Is there a problem with the Earth's gravitational pull? Why not? The keys are in the trunk. Right, okay, so right around 9:00 she's gonna get very angry with me. What a nightmare.

Uh, look me up when you get there. Scram, McFly. Okay, that's enough. Now stop the microphone. I'm sorry fellas. I'm afraid you're just too darn loud. Next, please. Where's the next group, please. Breakfast. Ho, you mean you're gonna touch her on her-

I've gotta go. Don't tell me anything. He's fine, and he's completely unaware that anything happened. As far as he's concerned the trip was instantaneous. That's why Einstein's watch is exactly one minute behind mine. He skipped over that minute to instantly arrive at this moment in time. Come here, I'll show you how it works. First, you turn the time circuits on. This readout tell you where you're going, this one tells you where you are, this one tells you where you were. You imput the destination time on this keypad. Say, you wanna see the signing of the declaration of independence, or witness the birth or Christ. Here's a red-letter date in the history of science, November 5, 1955. Yes, of course, November 5, 1955. Right. Oh, thank you, thank you. Okay now, we run some industrial strength electrical cable from the top of the clocktower down to spreading it over the street between two lamp posts. Meanwhile, we out-fitted the vehicle with this big pole and hook which runs directly into the flux-capacitor. At the calculated moment, you start off from down the street driving toward the cable execrating to eighty-eight miles per hour. According to the flyer, at !0:04 pm lightning will strike the clocktower sending one point twenty-one gigawatts into the flux-capacitor, sending you back to 1985. Alright now, watch this. You wind up the car and release it, I'll simulate the lightening. Ready, set, release. Huhh.

Marty, I always wear a suit to the office. You alright? Well, because George, nice girls get angry when guys take advantage of them. I don't worry. this is all wrong. I don't know what it is but when I kiss you, it's like kissing my brother. I guess that doesn't make any sense, does it? Doc, Doc, it's me, Marty. Hey, Doc, we better back up, we don't have enough roads to get up to 88.

Thanks, thanks a lot. Thanks, thanks a lot. My equipment, that reminds me, Marty, you better not hook up to the amplifier. There's a slight possibility for overload. Um, well it's a delorean, right? you guys look great. Mom, you look so thin.

Let's get you into a radiation suit, we must prepare to reload. Marty, you're acting like you haven't seen me in a week. Oh, yeah, yeah. Leave me alone. That Biff, what a character. Always trying to get away with something. Been on top of Biff ever since high school. Although, if it wasn't for him-

My insurance, it's your car, your insurance should pay for it. Hey, I wanna know who's gonna pay for this? I spilled beer all over it when that car smashed into me. Who's gonna pay my cleaning bill? Holy shit. Shit. It's uh, the other end of town, a block past Maple. Yeah.

Why not? Wait a minute. I followed you. Huh? Oh, I've been so worried about you ever since you ran off the other night. Are you okay? I'm sorry I have to go. Isn't he a dream boat?
